Docs: revised split command (#384)
Redocly/openapi-cli: docs/commands/split.md

# `split`

## Introduction

The `split` command takes an API definition file and creates a [multi-file structure](../index.md#multi-file-approach) out of it by extracting referenced parts into standalone, separate files. Essentially, the `split` command does the opposite of the `bundle` command.

:::warning
The `split` command doesn't support OpenAPI 2.0 definitions.
:::

## Usage

```bash
openapi split <entrypoint> --outDir=<path>
openapi split [--help] [--version]
openapi split --version
```

## Options

Option                    | Type      | Required     | Default     | Description
--------------------------|:---------:|:------------:|:-----------:|------------

> `entrypoint`              | `string`  | yes          | -           | Path to the API definition filename that you want to split apart into files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`entrypoint`              | `string`  | yes          | -           | Path to the API definition file that you want to split into a multi-file structure
```

> `entrypoint`              | `string`  | yes          | -           | Path to the API definition filename that you want to calculate statistics for

Reviewer: issue: The description text seems to be copied from the `stats` command?

Author: Yes, sorry for that :(
Corrected
